## .NET Foundation Marketing Committee meeting Feb 20, 2020

- Attendees: Beth Massi, Sara Faatz, Dee Dee Walsh, Oren Novotny
- [Deck presented is here](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/sites/Marketing/Shared%20Documents/General/Meetings/Committee%20Meeting%202020-2-20/Committee-Marketing-Meeting%202-20-2020.pptx?d=we4efa0562a514edaa97f2f9d800a0ebe&csf=1&e=bKdzhv)
- [Recording is here](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/r/sites/Marketing/Shared%20Documents/General/Meetings/Committee%20Meeting%202020-2-20/Meeting%20in%20_General_%20.mp4?csf=1&e=d1Zgg7)

### Notes
- Discussed Access Groups and Information Architecture for the group. Beth will straighten out files and access groups. Any member of the org can participate in any team public discussion so we can still have good connection with our members [see GitHub teams help](https://help.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/about-teams#team-visibility). This is more for having only the *active* committee members and chair in a group that has maintainer access to the marketing related repos. 
  - [GitHub marketing team](https://github.com/orgs/dotnet-foundation/teams/marketing) is the marketing committee  
  -	GitHub marketing team is the maintainer and watcher of the marketing related repos (wg-marketing, events, content, newsletter)
  -	GitHub is where we have all our PUBLIC text-based content
  -	Microsoft Teams -- All Members Discussion group is all the members and is used to schedule Teams meetings by ED and BoD only
  -	Microsoft Teams -- Marketing group is only committee members
  -	Microsoft Teams is used to store private (committee members only) as well as any binary files (presentations, videos, etc.)
- We need to finish up the [Marketing Proposals process](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-marketing/blob/master/proposals.md) and start some templates. Templates should include Goals and Success Criteria. Beth invited our corporate sponsors to help here
- Sara Faatz is finishing up the [Events](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/events) readme and sponsorship request issue templates. Beth will add "event in a box" type of content for best practices on running online events and representing .NET Foundation. 
- Discussed how to accept new committee member nominations and activate our members with "jobs".
- Get a quarterly public meeting on the books where all committees present to the community.  @onovotny to discuss at next board meeting. 
- Didn't have time to go over .NET brand book (again). Beth sent out a link via email to review. 
- Next meeting is a All Members meeting -- discuss Nomination to committee and list out specific tasks and (and where to start). Beth will drive.
